well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
signals codes videos the future theories
all kinds of stuff we could do real real
quick it's not going to take long we're
gonna do it because it's important the
end point here is is actually pretty
important and something happened that
can shed a lot of light on it so those
guys that went down south doing whatever
that was down there they got caught
right and now they've shown up in videos
and there's already people trashing
saying you're not supposed to do that
you're not supposed to provide the
opposition with propaganda these guys I
can't believe they couldn't hold out
yeah that's not the standard anymore
that hadn't been the standard for a long
time making videos like that is actually
kind of condoned now the theory is that
in today's world the modern battlefield
moves so quickly that the information
you have after about a day as far as the
lay of the land it's obsolete because
it's changed the systems that exist out
there on that battlefield well they're
different so what you can provide with
the exception alike means and methods
it's not of any value so it's okay to do
it in fact not just is it kind of
condoned higher-tier troops are actually
trained how to deliver messages like I'm
under duress or I'm lying in those
videos through the use of little signals
I've used both of those in this video so
far it can be done without really being
noticed I know what you're saying
but why would you talk about that right
now they're guys down there like you
know making these videos you shouldn't
talk about that right now that's
supposed to be a secret I would have not
said anything however it was in The Wall
Street Journal this is why I don't
believe in conspiracy theories
those that require hundreds if not
thousands of people cooperating
somebody's always going to talk
somebody's always going to let the cat
out of the bag those theories that are
just so expansive that they involve
hundreds if not thousands of people they
generally have no evidence and here's
the thing the evidence would exist
somebody would talk somebody always
talks so I don't like them for that
reason because I I've engaged in project
management nothing goes that smoothly
ever but aside from that I don't like
them because they paint the opposition
is infallible they paint the system as
the product of this giant theory and
that makes the system unbeatable because
it's got the money the power control the
military the state everything she can't
do anything sounds like a good reason to
just get up and give up and accept the
status quo me I know what you're saying
some people are gonna say well you know
those people they have names and
addresses yeah you know it sounds good
and everything the reality is it's not
what we need it's not what we need we
don't need revolution we need evolution
just like on the battlefield apt analogy
we can change the system at play we can
change the way the land we can make them
obsolete they make it to where that it
doesn't matter anymore because we create
a redundant system or redundant power
structure
that's based on us and cooperation
rather than competition and subjugation
makes more sense to me we don't need
revolution we need to evolve we don't
get the system we want by fighting
against the past we get it by building
the future anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good day
[Music]